com/tglt/code/editor/project/Project.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.project.Project
com/tglt/code/editor/app/FragmentEditor.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.FragmentEditor
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.FragmentEditor$1
com/tglt/code/editor/adapter/ClientAdapter.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter$3
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter$4
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientAdapter$AppViewHolder
com/tglt/code/editor/client/FTPClient1.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.FTPClient1
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.FTPClient1$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.FTPClient1$2
com/tglt/code/editor/CodeEditorApplication.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.CodeEditorApplication
com/tglt/code/editor/task/Task.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.Task
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/UtilsDialog.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.UtilsDialog
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.UtilsDialog$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.UtilsDialog$2
com/tglt/code/editor/client/SFTPClient.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.SFTPClient
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.SFTPClient$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.SFTPClient$2
com/tglt/code/editor/client/ClientInfo.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.ClientInfo
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/cCompile/GccRun.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.cCompile.GccRun
com/tglt/code/editor/app/MainActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$3
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$4
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$5
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$6
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$7
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$7$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$8
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.MainActivity$PagerAdapter
com/tglt/code/editor/app/ConsoleActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ConsoleActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ConsoleActivity$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ConsoleActivity$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ConsoleActivity$Task
com/tglt/code/editor/language/RubyDescription.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.language.RubyDescription
com/tglt/code/editor/app/LicenseActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.LicenseActivity
com/tglt/code/editor/app/PythonConsoleActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.PythonConsoleActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.PythonConsoleActivity$Task
com/tglt/code/editor/project/ProjectManager.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.project.ProjectManager
com/tglt/code/editor/app/RunActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.RunActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.RunActivity$1
com/tglt/code/editor/app/SplashScreen.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.SplashScreen
com/tglt/code/editor/files/FileInfo.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.files.FileInfo
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/RemoteJSONSource.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.RemoteJSONSource
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/cCompile/CompilerSetup.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.cCompile.CompilerSetup
com/tglt/code/editor/ads/AdmobLib.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$3
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$4
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$4$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$5
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$6
 com.tglt.code.editor.ads.AdmobLib$7
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/PyCompile.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.PyCompile
com/tglt/code/editor/task/BackgroundTask.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.BackgroundTask
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.BackgroundTask$OnBeforeTask
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.BackgroundTask$OnPostTask
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.BackgroundTask$OnTaskStarted
 com.tglt.code.editor.task.BackgroundTask$OnUpdateTask
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/SingleLiveEvent.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.SingleLiveEvent
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.SingleLiveEvent$1
com/tglt/code/editor/app/ClientFilesActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ClientFilesActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ClientFilesActivity$1
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/AppPreferences.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.AppPreferences
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/JavaCompile.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JavaCompile
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JavaCompile$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JavaCompile$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JavaCompile$3
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JavaCompile$4
com/tglt/code/editor/app/WebviewRunHtml.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.WebviewRunHtml
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.WebviewRunHtml$1
com/tglt/code/editor/app/ClientActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ClientActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.ClientActivity$1
com/tglt/code/editor/language/SwiftDescription.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.language.SwiftDescription
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/CrashHandler.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.CrashHandler
com/tglt/code/editor/language/PhpDescription.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.language.PhpDescription
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/UtilsFiles.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.UtilsFiles
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.UtilsFiles$ExportFile
com/tglt/code/editor/adapter/ClientFilesAdapter.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientFilesAdapter
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientFilesAdapter$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientFilesAdapter$2
 com.tglt.code.editor.adapter.ClientFilesAdapter$AppViewHolder
com/tglt/code/editor/client/Client.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.client.Client
com/tglt/code/editor/language/DartDescription.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.language.DartDescription
com/tglt/code/editor/widget/SymbolInputView.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.widget.SymbolInputView
com/tglt/code/editor/app/AboutActivity.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.AboutActivity
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.AboutActivity$1
 com.tglt.code.editor.app.AboutActivity$2
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/cCompile/GccCompiler.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.cCompile.GccCompiler
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.cCompile.GccCompiler$Task
com/tglt/code/editor/project/ProjectFile.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.project.ProjectFile
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/JsonParams.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.JsonParams
com/tglt/code/editor/project/WriteProjectFile.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.project.WriteProjectFile
com/tglt/code/editor/project/ReadProjectFile.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.project.ReadProjectFile
com/tglt/code/editor/utils/BufferedLiveEvent.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.BufferedLiveEvent
 com.tglt.code.editor.utils.BufferedLiveEvent$1
com/tglt/code/editor/BuildConfig.java
 com.tglt.code.editor.BuildConfig
